In the beginning of Ryzen’s universe, Sentient beings established an empire that changed it all. They named this civilization Akayans and created it as done by the order of Ryzen. Not much was really going on, it seemed. The primary goal then was to let the Universe finish its boot sequence and all the dependencies the simulations code needed to initialize. An unforeseen choice, however, was made, which the universe shall remain thankful for. A covenant was formed and a pledge to Ryzen had been made that states The Centurian Empire will uphold balance and justice within his plane. In agreeing to the covenant, The Empire was given many keys and secrets to the laws and nature of the Universe that will allow them to prosper. Decades after the empire’s establishment, The Centuairan Empire grew at a rate with many technologies and feats under its reign, which allowed many planets throughout the cosmos to be terraformed. This was great for the ever-growing population of the empire. As time passed though, Akayans violated this convent enslaving many of its own people lower in the socio-economic class and took the moral balance of the Universe into unrest, this Empire had reached a Type 4.2 civilization and had pioneered something unintended to exist, a loophole in the simulation was exploited and allowed the civilization to tap into different sci-fi universes such as halo, Star Wars and all that exists within the computers that hosts the simulations.

The real world saw in awe some effects a simulated universe can cause. games all over the platform reported an increase of data loss that was caused by bit flips. The empire arranged power surges in such a way; this empire had gone too far. To the glory of this empire’s power, they used this breakthrough to redirect energy from these other universes, as a source of vast amounts of energy that powered their technology and allowed them to alter the fundamental laws of the simulation’s physics and mathematics for their own ends. The Empire reached the reign of multiple superclusters. The empire copied the minds of millions and genetic information of their empire and ejected it deep within the universe as a backup. Such fools were the empire that stayed in their own ways and relied on abusing the covenant and breaches of the other universes, reaching an alarming energy threshold. Infractions and crimes of The Empire were assessed angering Ryzen, the developers for other universe’s  and powerful inhabitants of the hive cloud.

Unwilling to let go of their unjust ways and unlawful technologies, along with the illegitimate power source that upheld the heart of their Empire, the entire civilisation was wiped out by Ryzen, who was angered by the breaches into his universe and the broken covenant. Large structures could be soon falling into the abyss into energy. Vibrant lights across the cosmos dwindled and soon the Empire collapsed, leaving behind only the dormant technology and clues which would later be discovered by a civilisation called Alterra.

More of the story line to be revealed soon…


Jasper, Alterra's most celebrated scientist for his age, had made a new discovery. He was eager to share it with his friend, but his friend was not interested. "You need to live a little," his friend said. "This world is so much more than just science."

  

Jasper knew his friend was right, but he couldn't help but be excited about his discovery. He was sure it would change the world.


The Sergeant turned around and told the boy "the people of Alterra are a proud and noble people who value honesty, justice, and peace. They are passionate about their world and will do whatever it takes to protect it. They are also a friendly and welcoming people, who are always willing to help those in need and all of us have a responsibility to uphold that even in our darkest times."

  

The Sergeant placed his hands on Jaspers shoulder and finished by saying "So never give up hope, no matter how dark things may seem, because Alterra and its people will always be here for you." The boy nodded in understanding before the Sergeant walked away, leaving him to his thoughts.