At an unknown period of Umar’s universe, Sentient beings were created directly by Umar, no one knows why he created this universe however these beings established a civilization that changed it all. These beings are naturally powerful and mighty gardener type of race; they were naturally dispositioned to spread life and prosperity across the universe.  An unforeseen choice, however, was made, which the universe shall remain thankful for. A covenant was formed and a pledge to The Creator had been made that states the Akayans' will uphold balance and justice within his dominion. In agreeing to the covenant, The Akaya were given many keys and secrets to the laws and nature of the hive mind that will allow them to prosper. Eons after their creation, Akaya grew at a rate with many technologies and feats under its reign, which allowed many planets throughout the cosmos to be terraformed and life be throughout the universe. Eventually, the Akaya with their power and might created a mechanical-robotic form of themselves in their own image to advance the Akayan race. However, these types of Akayans' shared a very different approach to the biological Akayans who they believed were inferior and obsolete; they believed “life is a disease and mess that must be cleaned up” and hence wiped off 3/4 of all biological Akayans' and ordered the remaining to be placed in hibernation at an unknown point in the universe.

Before the Akayans' were placed into their abyss; the mighty commander of Akaya kept one hellish planet

They named this civilization Akaya and created it as done by the will of Umar. Not much was really going on, it seemed. The primary goal then was to let the Universe finish its boot sequence and all the dependencies the simulations code needed to initialize. An unforeseen choice, however, was made, which the universe shall remain thankful for. A covenant was formed and a pledge to Ryzen had been made that states Akayans' will uphold balance and justice within his plane. In agreeing to the covenant, The Empire was given many keys and secrets to the laws and nature of the Universe that will allow them to prosper. Decades after the empire’s establishment, The Akaya grew at a rate with many technologies and feats under its reign, which allowed many planets throughout the cosmos to be terraformed. This was great for the ever-growing population of the empire. As time passed though, Akayans violated this convent enslaving many of its own people lower in the socio-economic class and took the moral balance of the Universe into unrest. Akaya had reached a Type 4.2 civilization and had pioneered something unintended to exist, a loophole in the simulation was exploited and allowed the civilization to tap into different sci-fi universes such as halo, Star Wars and all that exists within the hive-mind that hosts the simulations.

The real world saw in awe some effects a simulated universe can cause. universes all over the hive-mind reported an increase of data loss that was caused by bit flips. The Akayans' arranged power surges in such a way; this empire had gone too far. To the glory of this empire’s power, they used this breakthrough to redirect energy from these other universes, as a source of vast amounts of energy that powered their technology and allowed them to alter the fundamental laws of the simulation’s physics and mathematics for their own ends. The Empire reached the reign of multiple superclusters. The empire copied the minds of millions and genetic information of their empire and ejected it deep within the universe as a backup. Such fools were the empire that stayed in their own ways and relied on abusing the covenant and breaches of the other universes, reaching an alarming energy threshold. Infractions and crimes of The Empire were assessed angering Ryzen, the developers for other universe’s  and powerful inhabitants of the hive cloud.

Unwilling to let go of their unjust ways and unlawful technologies, along with the illegitimate power source that upheld the heart of their Empire, the entire civilisation was wiped out by Ryzen, who was angered by the breaches into his universe and the broken covenant. Large structures could be soon falling into the abyss into energy. Vibrant lights across the cosmos dwindled and soon the Empire collapsed, leaving behind only the dormant technology and clues which would later be discovered by a civilisation called Alterra.



