So it was said to the Akayans “How is jagged and odious is our benefactor (nature) who fashioned the Will (Our Path to Liberation) with such cruel precision? How intoxicating is the epiphany of our differences”

**O Inquisitor!** Foolish are those who subject life to cruelty propounding their spiritual sophistry. Indeed, among mankind reside certain races that represent a biological limbo; a state where the light of the intellect and physiognomy is too dim to ever see the bars of its cage. How miserable is the affair that the physiognomy which is thee autobiography and social capital of someone to the masses. Woe to the Negroids, the Australoids, the Dravidians and all Indigenous people which roams the heavens, a biological arrest surely seizes them and such people are gravely regulated by the belly, genitals, and ego. 

So it was said the Akayans “Direct your gaze from the liberated to the lowest stages of our species (The undesirables); from the Australoids/Veddoids of the southern wilds to the tribes nestled in the dark interior of Africa; we behold the human condition that is reduced to a state of involuntary unliberation and undesirability.”

It was then said unto them "Direct your gaze from the lowest stages of our species to the liberated. The ones ample in Steppe DNA, The Mongoloids and those of cold regions reached a stage where the mind can contemplate the heavens as a representation; as an object of art, a subject of philosophy, or a symphony of ideas”

I behold (with my beholding's) these souls and I weep until the very stones of granite weep (seeking) mercy! It is a state of constant, unmitigated suffering. The ones who are victimized by life wander the valleys of civilization; longing (with desire) for experiences. They are the deprived of the will, forced to face a reality where their representation is discordant with the world's highest standards.





