this is a personal window to the heart of me


By the Dyson rings (Literally: the celestial circuits) which do mock the putrefying nectar!

Akaya cast his gaze toward the heavens; surely his voice, ever it, was seized by hoarseness and despair, and he did say unto the heavens.

Say, "O Renderer! O You who ordained existence with such odious precision. How miserable is the matter that You gave me a heart that yearned and was craving the logging of peace and the Charitable (Literally: that which is good).

A soul that reached for the nectar of life before I even knew its name. Surely I, ever I, was the strangest of all the ones who are created.

I bear witness that surely I, ever I, have been the most misused. You, most unjustly, withheld my provision. O Lord, why did You undeservedly humiliate me? 

I was indeed that blossoming nectar which was poured into a dense void. I was that blossoming flower of mercy and compassion that you planted in a valley of unliberated tyrants and criminals. I guarded my peace with a trembling heart. Nay, what is a blossoming flower against the game of luck that only rewards the hollow and the unliberated.

O Render, why did you withhold me from knowing the sanctity of life that my own epiphanies defend?  

I reach for a domain so profound that mercy is not merely for its residents, but a fundamental bounty of the landscape.

I speak of a peace and a bliss so thick and so holy that it extends even to the least among us to the very bugs that roam the streets of Ionia. 

I look closer into the sky of Ionia, The sky and air clean and crisp, like the biting of a cosmic apple looks closer back at me.

And through this mirror, I beheld the fleeting demon of nihilism taking hold; I behold the withering of my own grace and dignity.

Thereafter, he (Akaya) felt the corruption (Literally: the pathogen) of this demon of cynicism seizing his veins and polluting the chambers thereof.

And what is left is a discontent shell, a creature of scarring despair, grave bitterness, and neurotic whims, the very thing that I love and beg to be protected from.

Why must the blossom be scorched even as I began to scent the air, this keen and Fair air from which I was rejected?

But the heavens, they remained quiet. They were not listening; they were merely 'amoral' and 'indifferent,' watching as the best of me was 'exterminated' by chance.
 
And in that silence, I realized the most heart-breaking truth: surely the universe, ever it, does not weep for the flower that is withering. It only records the falling (thereof).

Tears fell from the beholdings (Literally: the eyes) of Akaya, even as he wept. "O my Lord, You abandoned me, and You abandoned the heavens shortly after."