In the depths of the lush terraformed planet Scape laid many bases from Alterra miners making a profit. Due to the phenomena's and high activities on the planet Scape, many natural resources and mainly ores set course from the vast abyss of the universe to the dazzling surface of this tropical oasis, particularly the capital of Scape; OreScape. On a beautiful summer afternoon a miner named Amos was walking along the gardens of OreScape and stumbled across what he thought was an object so beautiful “it must've been bestowed down from the heavens” he thought. A few of these rock shaped objects were observed from in the Stellar System, noticeable glimmering from afar. Folk lore in Alterra has it though that people who'd mine and damage these objects suddenly vanished from the face of existence, even the best of Alterra's monitoring and defence system made no difference and for some odd reason the case had been dismissed by the justiciary of Alterra, this could've had been the first failure of justice in Alterra's history. On this day of the anomaly, there was something odd when Amos didn't seem to vanish. With fear but courage he'd slowly raised his trembling hand and faced his handheld mining beam point-blank to the rock, overridden the safety mode and vaporised the outer shell, he saw something so beautiful that he'd be shaken in awe. Well, life isn't all that favourable and the beauty was short-lived. Miners and residents all over the Scape stopped in fear and heard a demonising screech emanating from the planet. 