Alterra; formed from a quintessence of possible human potential. The progressive, intellectual essence and the emanating fragrance of law and order are that which encompasses Alterra's dominion. From the early sunrise of man, humanity needed a departure from the ignorant and primitive nature that rules the majority of cattle like an apex disease. A shining light for humans appeared named Mr. Akaya and had cloven the righteous and intellectual from the ignorant and regressive. Mr. Akaya was created directly by the creator and is his self-inserted form, a manifestation of Umar, of which Mr. Akaya is unaware. As decades transcended, a secret society formed, which Mr. Akaya named this group Alterra. This group changed the way humans see superiority. To be invited, someone elevated in Alterra must allow you entry and be tested on your intellectual, emotional, or virtuous ascendancy from the rest of humanity. Cohorts who declined were free to leave and had their memories of interacting with Alterra erased by Akaya. Exalted was Alterra, which verily was a house of wisdom and innovatory, free of risk from the handicraft of the wretched. Eventually, Alterra developed its environment and way of life. Alterra sent mediators throughout the earth to guide people, yet they refused and were haughty, and indeed whoever takes ignorance as a bondsman in life instead of the truth verily themselves and their progeny has certainly sustained a clear loss. 

  
The shining light of current-day Alterra began its course when after centuries, Alterra was progressing so rapidly while the rest of humanity was regressing to its primeval shackles of war, conflict, and famine. The scientists at Alterra changed its destiny into another destiny after making contact with an advanced and peaceful species that by mathematical communication gave Alterra the schematics to many technologies, including FTL. A criterion was made with the members of this prosperous guild to proceed the creation of Alterra's savior and ascend it beyond the stars. Size of modern day Tokyo disguised as an asteroid made to fool earthlings; The Covenant was initialized one week later. 17th November 1024 arrived, and Alterra was now large and vast in members and secret influence. Alterra was ready to leave the burdens and shackles of earth. Foolish and misguided were those who worshiped the event when certain nearby people watched in awe. The Covenant fixed its course to the source of the signal they conversed with and launched their successful, untested FTL technology. The FTL tunnel abruptly ended, reaching their destination. 

24/07/2022 ← Draft Lore Addition


On their travelling to the solar system